Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
  For project two of this course I created code to assist in the agents ability to learn and find the quickest path through the maze. I was able to do this by applying a deep Q learning algorthium. The code I was given was everything else the maze, location of the treasure and the agents starting point was already programmed. The code also had all the needed libraries already installed. I also addressed creating each episode, epoch loops, when it was appropriate to switch between a random move or the quality algorithm, when to reference the actions taken in the neural network to use in later episodes and the win and loss states.
  
Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
  What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
    I beleive that computer scientists fill an important role in our society and it only grows more important each day as new technologies emerge. I beleive they create solutions through the use of advanced technologies to benifit mankind. This matters because with the breakthroughs that are possible it makes aspects of life easier. For example in the past you use to have to go to city office or dmv for anything that needed offical paperwork. As technology advances you can do a lot from your home computer and not waste your hole day waiting in line. 
    
  How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
    When I look at a problem as a computer scientist I first look at what is being effected and why. Then I look at how I can improve it and how my solution would benifit others. I then look and see if my solution is ethically sound and if there is possibly a better solution out there. By following this process I make sure that I am not crossing any lines ethically and that I find the best solution for each problem.
    
  What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
    Throughout the course of my studies I have realised how important this question truly is. There are so many endusers out there that truly do not understand the gravity and amount of their data that can be seen when they visit certain sites. Ethics are especially important when working with a user’s data, for example data should only be used on a as needed basis, anonymized when available, and secured to prevent unauthorized access. If I create something and it tracks what the user clicks on while hes on my site he/she should be aware of it and warned when they enter the site. Data should also only be used for its intended purpose and not stored away for a rainy day. I beleive the EU GDPR is a prime example of how we should conduc tourselves when protecting end users.
